Update FortiAuthenticator with fixes and enhancements (#14430)
demisto/content: Packs/FortiAuthenticator/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### FortiAuthenticator

> - Fixed an issue where **fortiauthenticator-get-user** command failed on LDAP users search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fortiauthenticator-get-user*** command failed on LDAP user searches.
```

> - Added the arguments **username* and **token_serial** to the following commands: **fortiauthenticator-update-user** and **fortiauthenticator-update-user**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the arguments **username* and **token_serial** to the following commands: ***fortiauthenticator-update-user*** and ***fortiauthenticator-update-user***.
```
